Clarify login flow (#2141)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/getting-started/get-started-docker.asciidoc

----

. When the deployment has started, open a browser and navigate to http://localhost:5601[http://localhost:5601] to

> access {kib}, where you can load sample data and interact with your cluster. You can use the `elastic` user with
> the `ELASTIC_PASSWORD` value to get access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
access {kib}, where you can load sample data and interact with your cluster. Log in as the `elastic` user with
the `ELASTIC_PASSWORD` value to get access.
```
